[My Perfect Stranger]
[3. The Secret You Keep]
I know.
How ridiculous it sounds
that I need to do something
in the time I was
suddenly fallen into, but...
But...
Let's go out.
It's chillier in here than outside.
So let's go out for now.
[Episode 3]
Anyway, I don't think
we'll be returning tonight.
Come out after you change.
Go Mi Sook and my mom knew each other?
Even in the same class.
What about the novel?
What exactly happened?
No one else really likes me.
That's why...
I want to die.
I never imagined my mom
had a time like that in her life.
But was there more?
My mom's other moments
that I didn't know about.
There was a time I dreamed
of becoming a novelist.
What's the story about?
Can you give me an autographed copy too?
You're going to read it?
That's okay.
How much of my mom's life have I missed?
No.
I can change everything here.
[Bong Bong Cafe]
How does she have this?
I don't think I can go back just yet.
There's something I need to do here.
[Bong Bong Cafe]
What do you plan to do there?
Do you remember these people?
May 14th and 16th, 1987.
The two women who died one after another.
And the woman who disappeared on
the 20th and hasn't been found to this day.
Yes, they were all women I knew or
had seen around the neighborhood.
And you never killed them?
I really didn't!
If only those damn investigators
didn't frame me back then.
I feel wronged.
Please believe me.
Yes. And this...
is the list of prime suspects at the time.
Including you, there are
a total of three people.
Do you remember the other two men?
Yes. Since our town is so small.
Then from now on, tell me
everything you remember about
these six people, including yourself.
Even very trivial things are fine.
My memories are from so long ago
that I'm not sure how accurate it will be.
It's just for reference, so don't worry.
I'll go directly to the sites
to check for accuracy.
This is a case without much
remaining information or evidence.
That's why I'll be getting
as close to them as possible,
and watching their every move.
Then I would have to wait.
Until right before the incident occurs.
Where do you think more
than half of these six people
belonged to at the time?
Belonged to...
belonged to...
At school.
School?
I'll start there.
I need to get into school.
To school.
I need to go there.
Oh, my gosh! Hot!
- Ow, it's hot!
- Are you crazy?
Ow, it's hot!
[Spy - Report any suspicious person]
[There will be a reward if the person turns out to be
a spy] But is there really a reward if you catch a spy?
Yes. Did you see anyone suspicious?
Of course, every person
I see is suspicious.
Look, look at that noona.
Aigoo, I even know how
many spoons her family has.
She's just a crazy nut.
You know. I'm talking about unfamiliar
faces and unfamiliar ways of speaking.
Like they came from a different world.
Yes, an unfamiliar face
and a different world.
That's right. And they
don't know this place,
or what day, month,
and year it is right now.
- Yes, if they don't know.
- Right.
Or they keep blabbering something
strange while carrying a strange device.
Strange...
I saw someone like that yesterday!
Oh, right. I'm sure you did.
I guess you do every day.
I can see well because
I have good eyesight.
Who's that?
I asked who it was, you punk.
Do you think you're making
sense right now? School?
Not even as a teacher but as a student?
Is that something so shocking?
To the point of not knowing
how hot something is?
Ow!
Well, I'm sure you'll
see what I mean, but...
if I remove my makeup,
you can't really tell my age.
So I can easily look three years younger.
I don't think that is likely convincing.
Did you forget where we are?
It's hot, so drink slowly.
I didn't forget. It's 1987.
We can't return for now anyway.
You said it's safe to have an identity.
Since you did it, can't I do it too?
Give me that hand.
Don't you think the order is wrong?
There's no order. You can
just apply whichever hand first.
You're not talking about that.
Is it because of what you need to do here?
Then you need to explain that to me first.
Who would come at this hour?
Is it really okay to do this?
He's a teacher at Woojung High
School. If Chairman Lee knew...
He's close with the Chief too.
Why is Detective Baek Dong Shik here?
Stay here a moment. I'll go outside.
What's going on at this hour?
I'm Detective Baek Dong Shik
with the Woojung police department.
We are here to check something. Excuse us.
Wait.
You forgot to explain what's going on.
Do you think that's necessary right now?
You should at least try
calling Chairman Lee.
Moon Night's Young Nok is
always talking nonsense, but...
you might get into a lot of trouble.
Let's see your ID.
Properly this time.
- Yes?
- Didn't you hear me?
We have a report that
you're a suspicious person.
So, show me your ID.
I lost it the other day.
If you're that careless,
there's no other way
to prove your identity.
Well then.
Let's go to the station.
T-To the police station?
- Follow me.
- T-To the police station?
Follow me!
Are you crazy?
Are you relying on
Chairman Lee to save you?
I understand you're desperate for this
case due to your performance record.
But I'm trying to help you from
wasting your time.
She has a definite
status, and I can prove it.
If you want, I can prove it to you.
You're saying she has a clear identity?
Yes.
She's...
a student at Woojung High
School, 12th grade, Class 1.
Yes!
What are you saying?
Come on!
Oh, look at her!
- Hi!
- How's it going?
When was I born?
Oh, that's right. 1965.650515, 22..
Hello, teacher!
Oh, hi, Mi Seon! Or was it Mi Sook?
- It's Mi Seon.
- Oh, yeah.
I'm really sorry, but...
what was my resident ID number after 63?
Wait, time out.
Come here.
Why, why? We are almost at
school! Where are we going? Why?
- Just come here for a second.
- Why?
Why here?
You do realize how
dangerous this situation is, right?
If anything goes wrong, either
of us will see an ambiguous end.
I know.
I felt it yesterday.
I'm going to school, so nothing goes wrong.
You should say what's actually happening.
You're going there for your own plan.
Considering the critical nature,
I admit I totally lucked out.
"Totally lucked out." You need to
watch how you say stuff like that!
All right. I'm sorry. I'll be careful.
It's my first time to
time travel, that's why.
That's what I mean.
Why go to school when you're
time-traveling for the first time?
I have my reasons. Like you do.
You didn't think I knew?
For someone who can time travel freely,
why would he settle down
in a house in another time
and pretend to be a teacher
with a daily commute?
The daily commute is...
terrible even in the present life.
Well, I'm sure there
are personal reasons for
telling such serious and dangerous lies.
But I won't ask what they are.
So you mean, "Don't ask me mine if
you won't tell me your reason," right?
Correct.
Let's just do what we need to do.
And I won't try to put you in a
difficult situation like last night.
At least until we return,
we are in the same boat.
You're only going to school.
As soon as school is
over, you go straight home.
Try your best not to
stand out and stay quiet.
If you disrupt anything I
do, school is over for you.
At any given time.
Agreed.
But do you think that
detective will come by again?
Not sure.
Shall we go for now?
Let's go.
Oh, right, right.
Oh, don't worry about things like that.
Don't worry.
That could happen when
young people work together.
Just bring me a bottle of makgeolli later.
You should think of your lonely
friend whose son lives far away, man.
All right.
Bye, Chief Kim.
Aigoo! Sorry, sorry.
My phone call took
a little long, didn't it?
All right.
I'm really happy today.
We have our first transfer students
since the school was established.
What's more, two of them on the same day!
They even slightly look alike.
- No way!
- We do not look alike!
You may have met at the club some
time ago, but make a formal introduction.
This is Mr. Yoon.
Also, if you look carefully-
No, we don't look alike.
Anyway, he will be your nephew's
teacher from today onward.
Dad is his nephew?
Then I'm also related to...
Please take good care of him.
Detective Baek Dong
Shik is a very capable man.
Thanks to men like him, our town
became such a great place to live.
We need to always be grateful.
I should be the one asking
you to take good care of us.
Why did such a capable
person act that way last night?
Oh, I'm sorry, Chairman Lee.
That's fine. I'm sure you
didn't know we are family.
He's the teacher, and you're the parent.
So we are all Woojung High School family.
So from now on, let's all
get along nicely. All right?
Second skull!
Wow, we are all meeting
here with the first skull too!
This is so amazing!
Dad, the two skulls at the same time...
So it seems like you
don't have a father, either.
Don't talk to me.
I mean, as a transfer student,
if you came to school
with your uncle-in-law,
it's totally obvious.
Some fathers don't even
show up even if they're around.
Throughout elementary,
middle, and high school...
A father who never came to the entrance
ceremony, graduation, or sports events.
Get into fights while drunk,
he missed all the
important events in my life.
My dad was that kind of person.
What kind of dad is that?
Wow.
It's so weird hearing that
come out of your mouth.
Hey, but what is elementary school?
Grade school.
Oh, that's what it's called!
E-Elementary grade school.
Hey, if you're here,
is Soon Ae also...
Hey!
- I told you yesterday, right? Stop showing interest!
- Wait, wait, wait.
Hey, hey, hey, I told you yesterday too!
To mind your own business!
Ow, ow, ow!
Hey, you girl, let go!
Didn't you say your niece-in-law
was mild-mannered?
Oh, she said she would be.
- You know that, right?
- No, really.
- Wow!
- Is that it?
- Hey, look at this!
- I dropped this.
- Oh, here it is.
- That's right!
- Oh, my gosh!
- My hand!
Are you okay?
Aigoo.
Class President.
Attention!
Bow!
Hello.
Come in.
This is Baek Yoon Young, who will
be joining our class from today onward.
She took some time off from
school due to family matters.
She's unni to you guys.
There's no such a thing as unni.
We are all friends if
we're in the same class.
That's right.
Well, you girls can
decide that on your own...
Wait, no.
Kim Hae Gyeong, Lee Eun Ha, Park Yoo Ri.
Kim-Lee-Park trio, act accordingly.
You better not get caught
mistreating our transfer student!
- Yes.
- Geez...
You're 12th graders
with no hope.
Oh, geez.
Except for our Lee Soon Ae.
There's an empty seat there. Go sit there.
Yes.
That's it for now!
Thank you.
- Hey, come here!
- That punk!
Sit down.
Everyone, this is our new transfer student.
Introduce yourself freely.
I'm Baek Hee Seop.
What?
- That's it?
- Yes.
To say a lot would be
going against the rock and roll spirit.
Right.
I see that's your concept.
We can't violate that.
Go sit wherever you want.
That's it for now.
Goodbye.
What happened?
I just thought I would
stay here a while longer.
Are you happy to see me?
You like Virginia Woolf?
Can I see?
Do you know this book?
"If you could give her 100 years,
if you could give her a room
of her own and 500 pounds,
if you let her speak her mind, and
if she could earn half of
what she already wrote
she concluded she
could write a better book."
"If you gave her another
100 years, she would
become a poet."
Shit, what the hell!
Hey, good to see you.
You really play the guitar well!
You can hear this?
You put it in the fourth
tier of the selector and
played the rhythm with the E9 chord!
Wow! Your fingers are fast,
and you've got a good rhythm.
I can't believe I finally met my mate!
Nice to meet you!
I'm Yoo Beom Ryong.
Look at this crazy guy.
Nice to meet you!
Hey.
When someone says, "Good to see you,"
shouldn't you respond to that?
That's such a childish way,
but since you guys are childish.
But what's that?
I wonder if she's using it well.
Follow me.
Yes.
Come here.
Oh, man. She's bothering me.
Teacher!
Wait a moment. Just a second.
Why are you acting
friendly? You want to die?
I don't have much time, so just listen.
All right, look into the opponent's eyes
like this.
You're doing well!
And then say, "What's that?"
That's what you do.
Then they would look down, right?
That's when you quickly crouch down.
And hit them like this!
At that time, their nose will bleed and...
Hey, this won't work for you. Okay,
just pretend like you're doing that to me.
So I just look down like this.
F***!
Is your skull made of rock or something?
So what the heck is this?
Shit.
My dad taught me this.
When I entered elementary school,
he said if another kid picked on me,
I should get a head start like this.
When I graduated, both of
my parents had passed away.
But this is the one thing I learned and
I have been using it very well.
This is what dads want to teach their kids.
So...
it's not like your dad missed
it because he wanted to.
He probably had his reasons.
- What do you know?
- What?
That's so childish as a 19-year-old.
I don't need anything like that.
Oh, geez.
Oh, oh, are you okay?
Oh, my gosh, you're bleeding!
- Oh!
- Geez.
Shit.
- Are you crazy?
- Could you guys please be quiet?
It's hard to focus on my reading.
I think that's enough.
Shit...
Here comes Prince Five! The Prince Five!
Why?
- Attention!
- Sit down.
Five...
Four...
What are you counting?
We have to enjoy this
moment as much as possible.
Three...
Two...
One...
What did I tell you to
do right after school?
Go straight home.
That's right. Straight home.
Don't stay out after 10 p.m.
You can't go to the library to
study, either. Just study at home.
If you can't study well, just sleep.
Sleep is good medicine.
Mountains and rivers are
forbidden, even during the day.
So just don't go.
Don't go anywhere dark and remote.
Don't trust anyone carelessly.
Bad people will approach you with a smile.
For now, only deal with school,
home, you, and your friends.
Just wait a few months
until you're 20 years old.
You'll have freedom from then onward.
- And...
- Can we just start the class, please?
Open your books.
During the five seconds
before he starts nagging,
he's a prince for those five seconds.
Five-second prince.
His nickname is Prince Five.
Do we have to listen to that every class?
- That's terrifying.
- He constantly bans us from doing anything,
so sometimes he's called Prince Ban.
You can't tell him!
But why do you guys
keep calling him Prince?
How can you not?
We will identify the composition motive and
use of "Songs of the Dragons Flying to Heaven."
We will understand the characteristics
of the form and expressions in
"Songs of the Dragons Flying to Heaven."
First, let's discuss the value of "Songs
of the Dragons Flying to Heaven."
As I mentioned yesterday,
"Songs of the Dragons Flying to Heaven" is
the very first epic poem written in Korean.
Also, as a representative work in
academic and political literature,
it holds great value in Korean literature.
This work is historically valuable
in studying the language used from
the end of the Koryo period to
the beginning of the Joseon period.
Hello, teacher.
Gosh, you're such an old fart.
I can't stand fighting, either.
I told you not to stand out in any way.
But on your first day,
you act like a UFC fighter.
Let's just do what we need to
do instead of criticizing each other.
That's what I was going to say.
Don't stare at me too much during class.
Don't go anywhere after class
and just remain in the classroom.
I'll come pick you up.
Mr. Yoon.
Okay, go on your way then. Go, go.
Speaking down to me...
Thank you for earlier.
Your compliment on my writing assignment.
Oh, I just said it since you wrote well.
Nothing to thank me for.
I was a little shy to
show you this assignment.
Do you really think I can
be a novelist one day?
Of course.
Not too far in the future.
You may become very famous.
So try your best.
So does he know Go Mi Sook?
Well, she is a bestselling writer.
[Academic Point]
She wasn't in the bathroom...
Where did she go?
Did you bring it?
Yes.
Well,
I corrected the awkward sentences and
revised the parts that weren't very clear.
You're working so hard because of my essay.
But...
the sentences I wrote
are almost all removed.
That...
It's okay.
Well, that's how I'll
get a good final draft.
I'm the one who wrote
the original work, anyway.
Editing is something anyone
can do, don't you think?
Yes.
That's right.
Come out after a little while.
Okay.
The responses are good
only when you edit them...
so I don't really have complaints, either.
Editing is something anyone can do.
So this is what you've
been doing all along?
I had my doubts, but
you're the same person.
Do you even know how to
write without anyone's help?
I've seen it for six years, but
it's surprising you couldn't even complete
your own essay without someone's help.
If you really think anyone can
do it, then you could do it yourself.
How can you be so proud even after
using someone else's time and abilities?
No, this isn't being proud.
You feel it's shameful yourself. That's
why you talk hiding in a place like this.
This kind of thing
can't remain a secret,
at least in this place.
Let's go to the teachers' office.
Mi Sook, are you okay?
This...
I'm doing this because I want to.
The class will start soon.
Come along.
Mi Sook, let's go.
What did she do to her that
my mom can't say anything?
There is something going on.
I've never seen you before.
Are you in 12 grade, Class 1?
Do you know someone named
Lee Soon Ae in your class?
Soon Ae?
What about Soon Ae?
Could you give this to her for me?
Yoo Beom Ryong!
Do you know how
suspicious you look right now?
Don't you know you're not supposed
to be in the girls' classroom hallway?
Are you scoffing at school regulations?
N-No, Mr. Yoon. I'm sorry.
- Please forgive me just once.
- Follow me.
Bye!
If Go Mi Sook really
stole the novel Mom wrote,
today's incident was just the beginning.
Geez.
She won't be able to sleep
well after acting like that anyway.
Why isn't he coming?
Telling me not to go
anywhere and just wait.
Be careful.
What?
Be careful, Yoon Young.
Are you really just leaving?
For tonight's team dinner, Principal said
even if the skies split in two and the
grounds crack, everyone must attend.
He usually uses those extreme expressions.
All right, then.
What do you know, after
being here only a month?
But why does the
Principal like him so much?
I'm sorry I'm late...
Not here?
What?
You're not as smart as I thought you were.
Threats only work
with people who have something to fear.
I don't know if that kind of warning
kept Soon Ae around all this time.
But listen.
All the cowardly things you did up
until now and plan to do in the future
will no longer happen the way you want.
I'm going to stop
everything, no matter what.
I was right.
Mi Sook!
Where the heck did she go?
That girl who transferred
to 12th grade, Class 1.
What are you doing, standing here?
Let's go. Mother said you
should come home early.
I need to stop by somewhere.
You should go ahead today.
Hey, Go Mi Sook!
Do you think my little
sister escaped just now?
Oh, I wasn't trying to eavesdrop.
I just opened the window for some air.
I'm sorry, but
you don't understand Mi Sook's ways at all.
If you want to fight your opponent,
shouldn't you know them well first?
Oh, which way are you going?
Next time, I should write a
note to that transfer student.
Hey! You said you have a girlfriend.
Hey, don't you know love
can change whenever?
Whenever I see pretty girls,
I bravely send them...
love letters first.
First, I test the waters.
Test what? You can't
even take a dump alone...
I should have asked for her phone number...
Geez! If only that darn
teacher hadn't shown up!
I'll avoid that teacher and go
straight to her tomorrow. I'll be cool.
Don't say anything!
"What's your phone number?"
Yeah, it's 53-2355.
53-2355?
Oh, I've heard that number somewhere...
Hey! That's that darn teacher's number!
Yeah, that transfer
student lives at my house.
Call if you want to see
her. I'll answer for you.
Hurry up and go home.
What do I do?
I know it's a coincidence
but what a relief.
You didn't have an umbrella.
I can speak casually since
you're a student, right?
I'm 22 years old.
Oh, yeah.
But what did you mean by that earlier?
That I don't know Go Mi Sook's ways at all?
You said she threatened you?
If you felt that directly,
then there's a high chance that's not real.
It's just a kind of light test.
Test?
You know, seeing which
button to press to get a reaction.
Trying to figure out your weakness.
To see if there are any
secret cards to use against you.
Until she fully figures out those
things, Mi Sook will never attack.
And once she does figure them out...
Then that's the end.
Threats only work with people
who have something to fear.
I was right.
Be careful.
What?
Be careful, Yoon Young.
You said she's your younger sister, but
should you say these things to
me? To someone you just met?
Because you look like you're in danger.
When you look at one
place and rush toward it,
you fall into many traps.
Are you okay?
That's why you should have been careful.
This will help you come to
your senses. Drink slowly.
She's driving me crazy!
Don't look at me like that.
This is my house. Not anywhere dangerous.
It's just that I have a
different way of doing things.
No big deal.
Let's just have a drink
and have a good time.
It's because I like you. Okay?
Does Go Mi Sook know you're like this?
Well, she might know or
may pretend not to know.
You mean this isn't the first time?
I just mean you'll be okay soon.
Aigoo.
Looks like you got a cut.
I said you will be okay.
How dare you...
You asshole!
You asshole...
Are you all right?
Come here!
You told me to believe you!
It's really not me.
I feel wronged.
Please believe me.
Then let's see each other at Woojung-ri.
Then I'll let you know what that means.
Stay alive, and you'll see.
I was worried you wouldn't,
I mean, you couldn't come.
But what a relief.
Listen to me carefully.
From this point onward,
your life will be miserable.
I won't take my eyes off of you even for
a moment and watch you until the end.
If you have to pay for your
crimes, no matter what they may be,
I'll make sure you pay for
every single one of them.
So you'll have to live a proper life.
Prisoner number 4013.
Go Min Soo.
W-Who are you?
Let's take care of that.
How did you know I would be there?
I thought that's where
it would happen next.
This is the list of prime
suspects at the time.
Including you, there are
a total of three people.
[1987 Murder Case Suspect
Personal Information: Baek Hee Seop]
The first suspect in the murder that will
take place in three days is Baek Hee Seop.
And the second suspect, Yoo Beom Ryong.
[Bong Bong Cafe]
[Yoo Beom Ryong]
[Go Min Soo]
Third suspect who was identified as
the culprit and served 30 years in prison.
Go Min Soo.
[Bong Bong Cafe]
[Go Min Soo]
Those are the people you met today.
[Bong Bong Cafe]
Who are you?
And why are you here?
[Bong Bong Cafe]
♫ I found the meaning of life ♫
♫ Come to me, darling ♫
♫ If there's anything you
want, I'll give it all to you ♫
♫ If you have any doubts,
just rest your worries ♫
♫ I'll lead you only down the
flower path, so just come to me ♫
[My Perfect Stranger]
Two days before the first incident,
one of the suspects
was already arrested, and
the other two didn't
have any particular points.
Just when everything was
swept into a foggy state,
she arrived.
The first victim.
That man knows something.
If, by any chance, she doesn't
know what's going to happen here,
I need to let her know.
Since I don't know what's
going to happen from now.
[Epilogue]